Unlike Judges' Decision, the Balance Gauge's effects are only active when fighting other Buriki One
styled characters. This is mostly to prevent variable overlap, but I'm not too sure how much it could
leak over. I've written about 4 failsafes in this system (p2name, targethelperid, animexist, authorname)
to minimize the chances of variable overlap.

I can say with 95% confidence (percent error of plus or minus 10%) that it should work smoothly; however,
extra precautions can be taken by voiding the trigger in the state if the player does not feel that it is
safe enough. Data fluctuates, I can never be 100% certain it will always be safe, but I firmly believe
I've minimized the chance of variable overlap to the greatest extent.

This file lists the mandatory variable values for the system as well as an explanation of how the bars
function in-game
--------
Gauge Values

While not totally useful for the player (and VERY useful for me), these are the standards for the bar
values. Reading this data provides insight into how the bars work and what causes what. If you're into
the technical aspects of system mechanics and need to know everything inside and out to do well, by all
means check this out.
--------
Max Balance Gauge var numbers
Large bar = 200
Medium bar = 160
Small bar = 120

Balance Gauge refill rate = 2/sec

Attemped grabs lower the filler slightly (maybe about 1/6th, depending on the size of the bar), throws
deplete the bar by around 1/3rd of the original value.

Grabs are successful or not based on two variables, the size of the attacker's bar as opposed to the
defender's (with an additional randomizer) and how much the opponent resists the grab (joystick wiggling)

Attacks only lower the value of the gauge if they cause the opponent to lose balance. Losing balance is
equivalent to 1/8th, falling down is equivalent to an attempted grab (1/6th).

When the round ends, the balance gauge is reset as I assume you would have time to regain your balance
in between rounds.

Grapple Gauge
Amount of filler in the players' gauges is equivalent to the amount currently available in their Balance
Gauge when they enter the grapple.

The grapple gauge is active until the defender breaks out, the attacker runs out of bar, or the defender
runs out of bar.
The grapple gauge for both players drains mid grapple at a rate of = .2/sec

When the players recover from the grapple their balance gauge is set at a value of = 60
-----------------
How the bar moves
-----------------
The bars move based on your balance & movement. Walking and running move the bar in the direction you're
moving. Attacks will move the bar depending on the character's center of gravity in the current attack.
Attacks like light kicks will only move the bar if they cause you to shift your weight. 
An example in Silber:
A: light kick - there is very little weight being shifted, so the bar does not move.
B: small uppercut - No weight shifted, you are still on two feet.
C: striking with the arm - Silber's entire body weight shifts when he moves in this attack, so the bar
follows suit.

Balance only applies to moves where you are on the ground. Aerial attacks (which exist as entering the
air from standing, not attacking from the air) DO NOT affect balance because when you are in the air
balance technically does not exist for you. You still possess a center of gravity, but it has to do with
heading straight down as opposed to falling over in one direction (of course I'm not into physics, nor
did I choose to take it, so if I'm wrong it's just video game logic).

When hit the bar shakes because your balance is compromised for a short amount of time. If an attack
launches you, your aerial body is under the same criteria as that of aerial attacks and the bar resets
itself.

If you are in a state where your balance is shifted (based on the bar of course), you will be an easier
target for someone trying to grab you, similar to how it worked in Buriki One.

!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
!!About positions and resolutions!!
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

The bars are formatted to work with 640x480 only!

You will not see them if you play in HD!

Sorry!
_________________
At the time, he's going to be your target

targetdrop
trigger1 = target, var(x) > var(x)

in the custom state,
selfstate
trigger1 = gethitvar(isbound) = 0 
