This feature takes the form of two variables: 40, which calculates P1's score, and 41, which calculates
P2's score. The system is only active for one character to prevent it from overriding itself if two
characters with it fight. It's always active for the home team (P1), but there's an optional trigger
in the varset state (located in the -2) that's for if you wanted to play arcade as a Buriki One
character. (In arcade mode the AI is home team, so you just need to make sure your void the first
trigger and activate the second for teamside = 1)

When the Judges' Decision is active, you gain points for each attack. All attacks are worth 100 points,
except for grabs and grapples, and are scaled based on the type of attack. Grabs always give 300 points,
and grapples give 400 times the hitcount of the grapple (which is how long you hold the grapple before
your gauge runs out or your opponent breaks it. Grapples are based on a system where you input follow up 
commands during the grapple. Each follow up command counts as one hit and lowers the grappling bar each
time. When your bar is out the grapple ends.)

At the end of the round by time out, the scores of the variables are compared. If var(40) is higher, then
P1 wins. If var(41) is higher, then P2 wins.

IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT COMPATABILITY
The Special Custom States file (name is sorta misleading, it's just a file of mandatory state numbers)
lists the states that affect the score system. These are non-fluctuating, meaning attacks in Buriki One
characters with both the Judges' Decision and Balance Gauge must always be within those boundaries.
If they're not, this happens: www.youtube.com/watch?v=fx2gK1Mv8BU

The Judges' Decision system is designed around these states, meaning that if you fight against characters
that break the rules set down in the Special Custom States file, there's no guarantee the variables will
calculate correctly.

(originally written on 1/3/13 in the Command & common log) 